Fix GString equality checks with String (#6330)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/process.md

- {ref}`process-label`
- {ref}`process-maxforks`

:::{versionadded} 25.10
:::

> Dynamic directives do not need to be wrapped in a closure when using the {ref}`strict syntax <strict-syntax-page>`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dynamic directives do not need to be wrapped in closures when using the {ref}`strict syntax <strict-syntax-page>`:
```
Treating Dynamic directives as plural

```nextflow
queue (entries > 100 ? 'long' : 'short')
```

Nextflow will evaluate this directive dynamically if it references task inputs. Directives that use an explicit closure are still resolved dynamically.

:::{note}

> Process configuration options must still be specified with a closure in order to be dynamic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Process configuration options must be specified with a closure to be dynamic.
```
